---
title: Junior Level 2
date: 2019-05-05
type: book
weight: 5
---

UKRA Junior Level 2 Certification is available to 12-18 year olds. This certification is required for any junior UKRA member wishing to fly a rocket powered by rocket motors of total impulse of J-class through to L-class total impulse under BMFA (British Model Flying Association) insurance. Junior Level 2 certification requires a successful test flight performed before a UKRA certified safety officer. The certification rocket must be owned and built by the person performing the flight (the rocket may be scratch built or a kit). In order to obtain Junior Level 2 certification, the candidate is also required to have passed Junior Level 1 certification and successfully pass a written, multiple choice UKRA Level 2 examination. A Study Guide for the Level 2 exam is available for download as a .pdf or Portable Document Format file. Motors may not be purchased by people under the age of 18, so a parent/guardian/responsible adult who is responsible for the purchase of motors must be present at flights. A Senior Level 2 certification card will be issued at the next renewal following the UKRA members 18th birthday. Download the Study Guide The Study Guide will help you revise for the UKRA Level 2 exam. It gives sample multiple choice questions, along with the correct answers. The questions from the actual exam papers are drawn from these questions. Study Guide The Certification Paperwork can be downloaded here, only this form will now be acceptable. Refer to your Members' information pack for detailed certification requirements.
